# Cplusplus-Program
CS-210

In this project, I was tasked to build an item-tracking program that integrated both Python and C++. I had to analyze a text document that stored all items purchased throughout the day. I had to develop code that could list all the items once with the amount of times it was purchased. I could have no duplicate items on the newly created list. Based on user input, I had to produce a list of all items purchased in a given day along with the number of times each item was purchased, produce a number representing how many times a specific item was purchased in a given day, or produce a text-based histogram listing all items purchased in a given day, along with a representation of the number of times each item was purchased. 

I believe I used C++'s sting formatting well, since it gave me the oportunity to create a well formated list of items and menus that was easily readable and allowed for future change and customizability. I believe the areas that I could improve on is in line commenting. THroughout this course WE developed a lot of more advanaced programs and started to use multiple languages and files within one project. In projects with 4+ files specifically, I feel like, for me, it would be very challenging to understand where all my code is being used, what functions its trying to call, and what classes it is inheriting from without inline comments. I feel like the first thing I would change in my program is adding comments to everything that needs it then I can start working on optimizations and refactoring.  

The peices of code I found most challenging to write at first was using inheritance and instantiating class objects. It took me a while to ndertand how that worked, buit once I figured it out it opened so many possibilties to me and made a lot of ideas come to mind to make other programs better and less complicated. The main tools and recources I used to overcome this challenge was the documentation. I have read so much of the C++ and Python documentation that I feel like I have a great grasp on most beginner and some intermediate topics. I also learned to ask for help when I needed it. I had a problem with one of my projects where I was getting errors trying to send data from Python code to C++ code, but after alot of trial and error and asking for guidence, I was able to get it to work within this project.    

The skills that will be transferable to otehr projects is C++ string formatting, the ability to read and write files with Python, inheritancem and method overloading. Being able to read files with Python quickly could help my future projects run more efficiently. Also having the ability to format data quickly wiwht C++ will make my code look better for the user and give them an easier time interacting with the applications I may create.

The way I made this program maintainable was by creating methods that could be called mutliple times in the programs without needing to hard code the same lines over and over again. This will also let you change the method itself once if needed and these changes will accour everywhere in the code, so there is no need to hunt down every place it was implemented. I used industry standard formatting, naming conventions, and syntax to let anyone working on the code understand it and havce the ability to read it efficiently. Additianally, since my program is modular, anyone can plug in a new method and remove a method that is not needed with minimal effort and impact on the overall program. This allows adaptability in the future and leaves it open for expansion. You could also use code snippets from this program for use in others. For example, you could copy and paste my Python read and write code and have it work in any other program.
